Hello everyone and welcome to the Python 3.
Beginners to proehl MASSIVE class course.
I would like to thank you all for joining of course.
I hope you'll find records useful and informative.
So in this lecture we're going to cover the course outline.
This course is divided into three main sections.
First Section cover the fundamentals of Python for the absolute will begin.
So even if you have zero experience with programming before.
If you follow along be courts lectures you should become familiar with all Python programming fundamentals
and be able to create practical projects in pi.
In this beginners Python section we're going to cover the following How to define variables and dealer
types such as nos strings list dictionaries tuples in use.
They're not going to cover how to create conditions statements such as if conditions and how to create
loops such as for and while loops they're We're going to learn how to define functions and then will
cover of lambda expressions and how to use several built in Python functions.
Then we're going to covered famous Python packages such as met partly for the data visualization pandas
pandas it easy to use the structures and then analysis which works like excel in Python.
They're not going to covered nump high which is a library used to deal with large multidimensional arrays
and matrices.
And finally what going to covered a keyboard which is a beta visualization library of advanced library
compared to metalocalypse keyboarding is a very powerful package and will use it to draw attractive
and informative statistical graphics.
In part two of the course are going to cover practical applications in Python.
Here are some examples of the project still going to be working on.
We are going to learn how to build several games such as guessing game if fortune-teller a game a tic
tac toe game and all that.
Also going to learn how to build a zodiac sign application.
They're not going to convert projects related to image processing such as how to draw a cartoon of any
image using open CV how to detect lean lines in an image which is really practical for autonomous vehicles
and how to draw edges of your face using values team from a web cam and how to detect faces and count
the number of the Yon's in a webcam.
Then we're going to cover projects related to productivity enhancers such as how to build the website
blocker to help log distracting Web sites such as Facebook and Twitter during working hours.
How to perform web scraping in beautiful soup which is used to extract information from the Web.
How to read them right.
Zied Files see is v files worth files and files then we're going to cover how to send and receive emails
in Python and perform data encryption decryption.
And finally we're going to cover a collection of miscellaneous projects on how to create in an act of
maps and Python how to view starc financial DNA in Python how to build a database application and how
to build your own website using Python in S.C of course.
We're going to convert the fundamentals of machine learning and artificial intelligence such as how
to perform classification and regression.
And we're going to use famous Python packages called careless and psychic lair.
Then what.
Going to wiki you see a practical case study starting from cleaning the dataset screening your model
and improving the model accuracy.
I hope you would find the course useful and informative.
If you have any questions please don't hesitate to call yourself.
Let's get started.